Hello and welcome to shuttle bus training video for A2A's driver. 
In this video, we will show you about the customer experience while using our service 
and the introduction of how to use Shuttle Bus Application. 

First, when new driver joins A2A, Bus manager tells him to install the Shuttle Bus Application. 

In order to use this application, driver has to have an account with e-mail and password that 
Bus Manager created for them. 
After getting his account, the driver has to login with email and password that he just received 
while connecting to internet. 

After logging in, in order to get the latest schedule, the driver has to click on “Sync to Latest” that shown on screen. 

Driving schedule and information are shown in the app as well as in the driver’s email. 

On the home screen, he can see the schedule, departure date & time, amount of the seat and amount of customer. 

When he taps on “Check Passenger”, the driver can see “Scan QR Code” & “ List of Passengers”. 

Before going to the pick up location, the driver has to:
1. Take vkirirom logo and put in front of the bus. 
2. Check the amount of money that prepared for any trouble. 
3. Check the gasoline 
4. Check the seatbelt 
5. Check the break, engine, Bus light and other important functions 
6. Check the mosquito racket
7. Check the hygiene in the bus 
8. Check the amount of money in the WiFi system 
9. Check the cold water bottle and cold towel
If any problems, driver can contact to bus manager. 

WiFi & Video 
1. Check the WiFi modems and test whether it is working or not 
2. Check the movie website 

Before departure, driver have to help customer s carrying their luggage. 

15minutes before departure, 
Driver need to check all customers QR code that they got from website or email (even they already pick up their stuff. ) 

After scanning, there will be a check mark in that passenger’s name. After receiving all check marks, the driver can 
depart. 
I some passengers haven’t come yet, driver can call to them by their numbers that shown in the application. 

Before leaving, driver have to give cold water and towel to customers. And then driver have to tell customers to download
 “vKclub” Application that include many services such as movie website as well. 

While driving, 
The driver have to maintain the speed, asking customers about toilet break, air conditioning coldness. 

When arriving, driver or security has to take customers luggage to their rooms. They have to say thank you for riding 
our shuttle bus. 

Thank you for watching and have a safety ride.